As an artist, I always had understood the concept of mixing paints, but when it came to mixing light colors, that was something that I knew I needed to understand. All throughout high school and middle school, we were all tested and educated on the importance of light in our everyday lives. What I remember from then, we were told about the speed of light, and how light waves bounce from the light source to our eyes. It actually has been the first time that I’ve heard of the system of how color is addressed to our eyes. In the Youtube video, it talked about how the color green is registered to our eyes from a green plant. Not to mention, I am a visual learner so it’s easier for me to understand things better when they are taught in a visual manner. So the use of colors in this lesson actually helped me understand science better.

“We don’t see color. We just see light bouncing off of things with color”, as Bill Nye exclaimed is definitely something I’ve actually was able to understand throughout this lesson. Like I’ve said before, with me being an artist, I’ve never really paid attention to the colors that I’ve used, but rather have used them due to my feelings or how they complement one another. This lesson took me to another perspective to take note of when using colors and how to use them properly. Learning about the luminosity, stage lighting, and saturation are key to situations that I’ve dealt with while doing drawings and paintings, and if I want to aspire one of my accomplishments of being an art director for music videos, I think this lesson truly made me looking forward to giving this lesson a go.
