Everyday we are surrounded with light, but light itself is not visible to our eyes and is merely reflected from other objects in your vicinity allowing us to see. What really intrigued me about the reading was the dispersion of light. What usually happens when light comes in contact with an object is that it'll either be reflected or absorbed and if it were to pass through an object it would be considered a refraction described by Snell's Law. What I didn't know is that when light hits an opaque and rugged surface, like concrete, the light is redirected into multiple directions called diffuse reflection. When it penetrates an object it also disperses into multiple directions and is called object transparent, in other words trasparent objects that allow light through.

Color has been of great importance in everyone's lives, it's something that gives life to everyday mundane objects, it is the deciding factor of our everyday purchases, and it's the basic fundamentals of every art major. When I took my first art class, the first essential lesson I received was about color, in which we recreated our own color wheels with various hues, except for white, which according to the reading is not a color. White is apparently a light that is an accumulation of many colors. Another interesting topic brought up in the reading is the temperature of the colors, often used to match different types of light sources; we usually associate blue with cool and orange with warm. As an art major, deepening my understanding of light and color, will definitely benefit me. 
