In this reading, we read about the science of light and color, and how we perceive these characteristics based on different conditions. Light is described electromagnetic radiation that has varying wavelength. Light also has different characteristics in which it can be visbile to eyes, such as reflection, . Another reaction of light toward certain objects is refraction. The reading also expands on the idea of using these characteristics to our advatage, such as using stage lighting and rearranging it through different angles. Further into the reading, we learn that although white light appears "colorless" it can actually be disperesed into differnt colors. Light also has different ranges of white shades and can be edited through correction filters, or you can use color filters to show one dominant color. And when altering the colors of an object, you are editing  three qualities that correspond to three different physical properties of light which are hue, saturation, brightness. Hue being the designation for basic colors of spectrum, brightness the attribute of visual sensatio, and saturation is the purity of a color. In the last couple of paragraphs, you read about how light plays a part in a few theatrical performances.

From this reading, I learned about the scientific understanding of how light works and how color corresponds with it. Alot of this information about light was something i learned way back in high school chemistry, but its something I long forgotten. One of the things that i found very interesting was the part about white light dispersing into many colors as it is something you never really think would happen. It was really cool learning about the chracteristics of color such as hue, saturation, and brightness as it could play apart in some art mediums. I also never heard about these stage perfomances before and it was fun reading about how light played a major role in atmosphere. 
